DOC-5338: RDI enchance observability page with more metrics information (#1701)
redis/docs: content/integrate/redis-data-integration/observability.md

- **`NumberOfErroneousEvents > 0`**: Data processing errors occurring - indicates data corruption or processing failures  
- **`rejected_records_total > 0`**: Records being rejected - indicates data quality issues or processing failures
- **`SnapshotAborted = 1`**: Snapshot process failed - initial sync is incomplete
- **`rdi_engine_state`**: Alert only if the state indicates a clear failure condition (not just "not running")

### Important monitoring (but not alerts)

These metrics should be monitored on dashboards and reviewed regularly, but do not require automated alerts:

- **Queue metrics**: Queue utilization can vary widely and hitting 0% or 100% capacity may be normal during certain operations
- **Latency metrics**: Lag and processing times depend heavily on business requirements and normal operational patterns
- **Event counters**: Event rates naturally vary based on application usage patterns
- **Snapshot progress**: Snapshot duration and progress depend on data size and are typically monitored manually
- **Schema changes**: Schema change frequency is highly application-dependent

### Key principles for RDI alerting

> 1. **Alert on failures, not performance**: Focus alerts on system failures rather than performance degradation
> 2. **Business context matters**: Latency and throughput requirements vary significantly between organizations
> 3. **Establish baselines first**: Monitor metrics for weeks before setting any threshold-based alerts
> 4. **Avoid alert fatigue**: Too many alerts reduce response to truly critical issues
> 5. **Use dashboards for trends**: Most metrics are better suited for dashboard monitoring than alerting

Reviewer: I think a bullet list works better here (numbers tend to suggest a sequence or a priority order, and also the lists in the other sections are bulleted).
```suggestion
- **Alert on failures, not performance**: Focus alerts on system failures rather than performance degradation.
- **Business context matters**: Latency and throughput requirements vary significantly between organizations.
- **Establish baselines first**: Monitor metrics for weeks before you set any threshold-based alerts.
- **Avoid alert fatigue**: If you see too many non-critical alerts, you are less likely to take truly critical issues seriously.
- **Use dashboards for trends**: Most metrics are better suited for dashboard monitoring than alerting
```

### Monitoring best practices

> - **Dashboard-first approach**: Use Grafana dashboards to visualize trends and patterns
> - **Baseline establishment**: Monitor your specific workload for 2-4 weeks before considering additional alerts
> - **Business SLA alignment**: Only create alerts for metrics that directly impact your business SLA requirements
> - **Manual review**: Regularly review metric trends during business reviews rather than automated alerting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Dashboard-first approach**: Use Grafana dashboards to visualize trends and patterns.
- **Baseline establishment**: Monitor your specific workload for 2-4 weeks before you consider adding more alerts.
- **Business SLA alignment**: Only create alerts for metrics that directly impact your business SLA requirements.
- **Manual review**: Don't use automated alerts to review metric trends. Instead, schedule regular business reviews to check them manually.
```
